PD-2757: Add Optimus as first task to the Slidetag WDL (#1440)
broadinstitute/warp: pipelines/skylab/multiome/Multiome.changelog.md

# 5.9.5
2024-12-12 (Date of Last Commit)

> * Added a boolean variable is_slidetag. Set to true if Slide-Tags pipeline calling Optimus, otherwise false. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a boolean variable is_slidetag; default is false but it is set to true if the Slide-Tags pipeline is calling Optimus
```
